STEP 1: How do we want the player to interact with the supernova?

IDea one: It triggers on its own and sends shockwaves through the entire sector
    Your're told by your sensors officer after it subsides that something happened at x coordinates
    Get a breadcrumb...

Idea two: Galatian quests
    Approached and asked to investigaet the system

STEP 1.5: What is in the supernova system prior to the explosion?
    And how does this relate to the post-supernova system...

STEP 1.75: What is the draw of the supernova system?
    Obviously, domain tech
    The entire fucking shield planet
        This holds a number of domain secrets
            A research station, maybe?
            Definitely holds the bulk of the research data

    Exotic materia?
        Tasked with recovering some of this for the scientists
        Can be used to develop new funny hmods
        Weapons...?

    The surviving planets surely have something

    The issue is that the scav fleets will definitely have found a lot of it...

STEP 2: What is the challenge of the supernova? (Most important bit)

    Natural threats:
        Radiation
            A more persistent threat
            Spending time out in the wastes raises a radiation value
            This does not go down unless you decontaminate at a port or with some item
            Reduces CR cap of your vessels past a certain point
            Also increases sensor profile
            Crew loss, too
            Increases more if youre in certain regions / your drive bubble slash rad shielding is offline
                More about this in heat
        Heat
            A short term threat caused by diving into the heart of the system, or regions of superheated gas
            Simply a CR reduction over time, increasing with your heat level
            You can dump heat by going dark but this exposes you to radiation
        The supernova remnant itself
        Regions of that weird material you want to recover?

    Unnatural threats:
        Dweller
            A hole in fucking space
        Scavengers
            EVERYONE noticed this
        Tri-tach
        Diktat (Low amounts)
        Hegemony (Low amounts, countering tritach?)

        Mote swarms?
            Swarms of motes that travel around unpredictably...
            Damage your fleet if you get near them...
            Sometimes manifest into something... else?

Another idea, let your faction take over if you have a colony