Timeline
    System was a somewhat important, or at least well-off system, in the frontier days of the domain
    But they were planning to rebel
    Two polities: Hanarat Skies and Aithern
        Aithern, the innermost planet, was a heavy production hub
        Hanarat skies was primarily agrarian and extractive

        They worked together, had a secret allegiance to eachother
            But only to fuck w/ the domain oh my god yeah
            COMSEC actively worked to push them apart. Honestly, they were never g etting too far.

    So they stole a missile complex and made a lockbow around it

    But they changed their minds and realized a strategic wepaon is best for offense
    So instead they decided to prototype the aegis missile system, keeping the lockbox in the back

    Then the collapse
    The system quickly collapsed to pirates and infighting between the two polities

    Fast forward to the ai wars, remnants found it and converted it into an AI ship with direction from tritach

    The system was then used as a remnant fortress for a while, but the ai wars ended before the carrier could be used offensively

Specifics
    The system had a significant dissident culture
        Noone really said anything aloud, but people did not like the domain here

        Guerilla camps on hanarat skies
        Hidden recruitment pamphlets within panels on the stations

    Hanarat skies was destroyed by the remnants via bombardment
    Aithern, the innermost planet, was a heavy production hub
    Hanarat skies was primarily agrarian and extractive

    They had stations beacuse pirates REALLY loved to pick on them
        A very tricky pirate gang
        Another raeson they wanted to rebel... the domain didnt offer much protection

Culture
    Hanarat skies was a somewhat well-off society and enjoyed arts. Joyous
    Aithern was a rough-and-tumble colony that did a lot of drugs and produced a lot of shit

    Hanarat thought aithern were a bunch of dirt-scum
    Aithern thought hanarat hated them for no reason, but also thought hanarat had it soooooo good

Outline
    Hanarat
        Starfort


        Hanarat skies
            As with everything else, pretty heavily stripped already
            Can still get a lot, though

            "Unlike most of the ruins you've explored before, $planetName sticks out with the sheer aesthetics. The most common construction material is marble -
            followed by granite, and finally, painted steel. Within the cratered ruins of homes, past the dried blood of
            your ancestors, paintings, sculptures, and faded artifacts still lie - if they were lucky enough to evade the battle fought here."
            "A sparse number of skeletonized bodies, set in heavy armor and hauling heavy weapons, line the streets, surrounded by their work. Rubble, scorchmarks, and death is the most common
            sight in this tragic world. Beyond that are the massive craters - remnant from an orbital bombardment, no doubt. Despite this warscape,
            the (official) military infrastructure on $playerName is significantly lacking. There is nary a police station, let alone a military base. This world must
            have been subject to an invasion, you conclude."

            "Further, more in-depth exploration reveals even more insights to the nature of this world. Heavy sub-surface weapon emplacements, cleverly hidden,
            dot the crust of the earth, accompanied by countless small guerilla camps fitted with small-arms, anti-Domain recruitment material, and countless bits of media
            picking fun at the '$global.MPC_aithernPlanetName' snot-dribblers. And yet, you find evidence of cooperation between the two polities in the same camps -
            an effort to pool resources and rebel against the Domain. From what is written, it seems the majority of the military resource came from $global.MPC_aithernPlanetName,
            and the majority of the capital from $planetName."

            (Show missile image here?)
            "This collaboration seems to have coalesced into one final plan that would secure their victory; some sort of
            missile defense system. But unlike the missile carrier raining hellfire in this system, it would have been planet-based.
            Longer range. More reliable, and more deadly. Enough to push out an entire battlegroup with firepower alone. However, it was never completed -
            if the massive scaffolding around the equator is evidence enough."

            "The blueprints are still intact, and found in a particularly large (and lavishly decorated) underground camp. The only missing piece is a missile complex -
            one conveniently placed in this very system. Maybe you could succeed where they failed."

            The aegis missile pods are stripped down but you find the specs
                "Besides, who has a cruise missile autofactory but you?"
            +Industry BP