ABANDON EVERYTHING WITH THE MILITANTS

someone needs to introduce the plan
    (intsec guy?)

you simply go to this planet to find broker
    engines disabled, ambushed by fleet
    find a serial number in the graveyard, point to the village

    also, probably capture a member of the crew and get pointed to a number of systems
    onc

go there
    windows close, guards close in with weapons
    find the part shop
    the shopkeeper clearly doesnt like you, answers quesitons with no
    guards are about to mow you down
    decide to say fuck it and shoot everyone

    a obvious stack of sale ledgers is on the table, but youve lewarned this trick
    break into the back, a guard carries out a safe (power armor)
    uses it as a shield against incoming pulse fire
    take off under fire

    its trapped, engi disarms it carefully
    inside is a grenade and a pile of ledgers
    scientists run it thru a autoscanner, find the name of jerus and chalceledon

    Go to chalceledon
        If you ask around in the bar, someone will firmly grip you and tell you to get fucked
        The admin can be bribed for a location, however
            Or intimidated with a strong fleet...

        But when you go to the location... oh shit.
        Where sensors showed heat signatures are instead space heaters. You take one step out -
        BODYGUARDS GRAB YOU AND THROW YOU IN! PULSEFIRE RAINS DOWN ON THE SHUTTLE FROM ALL SIDES!
        The shuttle only barely manages to take off, firing flares and recieving ECM support to evade an incoming missile
        Get an option to drop a bomb here - for no reason other than FUCK THESE GUYS

        Go back to the admin, who looks terrified to see you
        Reiterate your threat, but this time with vigor
        Eventually, he just gives you a comms key
        Gets the FUCK out of there
        No admin for a few days - then a new guy a few days later
            "The last one just disappeared."
            In-lore, this guy realized he was fucked. You survived his trap and are certainly cokming for him if you dont tell him the location
            But once people figure out he talked... he'll be hunted
            So he goes into hiding
        Again, the narrator reiterates - this whole thing. Is. So sketchy.

    Call jereth over comms
        Finish later; TLDR idea is you have to hold him long enough for your comms officer to trace the signal
        And after that, you can interrogate him for info

        The commlink hangs for an unusal amount of time
            Tactical: "It's unlikely they'll talk, especialyl since we don't know where they are"
            "Pather comms are generally spotty and badly protected. I might be able to track them"
            "Hold them on the line - I'll perform a trace"
        , before it clicks on
        The man careens into the screen, panting, breathing heavily - then he notices you
            Was far away, sprinted to silence the pinging
        Inbetween gasps, he stammers - "You know not to call this ID - wait - who are you?"
        Visibly spooked - hand is nearing the comms-disconnect. Its likely he wont accept any further calls

        Have to come up with something to bullshit him with...
        He looks scared, spooked
        "-listen. You've been compromised. You need a new COMMSID and to exfil ASAP."
        He freezes, his body tensing further. He stares at you a moment - then-
        "-I-I don't know who you are." he just says, reaching the the button-
        "Someone found $global.shipPlanetName, and somehow, they found your name in the wreckage. They've already been to Asher - I don't know how long til they find you."
        "They've been asking around everywhere, it's a miracle *I* found you first. Saddle up, you're moving out before the day ends."
        He freezes. Time stills for thirty seconds. Tactical gives you a so-so gesture - you need more time
        Slowly, though, he withdraws his hand from the disconnect button, turning to stare through a wall... then snaps his head back, eyes as big as dinner plates
        "Who *are* you?"
            "Doesn't matter. I'm just here to keep you safe."
            "A friend of our mutual friend."
            "A brother in Ludd."

        "...okay. Okay." he picks up a nearby narco-stick, taking a deep breath, and sighing, his anxiety reducing and being replaced with a narcotic twitch
        "...I'll need some help first. I was running an operation down here, and I'll need someone to help me move my equipment.
        not related to our 'friend' (airquotes), but personal and operational support was part of the deal."
        He pauses.
        "Where do you have in mind?"
            "We'll figure it out once we get you onboard."
            "Baetis."
                Negative reaction, but with some pressing, he relents
            "Just somewhere else on Chalceledon."
        "...alright. Send your shuttles. I'll be waiting." Reaches for the disconnect...
        Tactical shakes his head, staring at the screen...
        "WAIT! Where *are* you?"
        He stops. Shock wells in his eyes. "...you don't know? Wait... are you..."
        ...
        "You'll never find them, you know. I'm not the only part of this - there's many, many more pieces. And, besides..."
        Tactical waves you down, giving you a thumbs up
        "I can just hit this button right here and give you nothing. You don't even know where I am" He puts pressure on the button...
            "'Look up.'" (Cut the link) (DO I WANT THIS)
            ...
                Send the marines

        And down go the marines!
        Within minutes, the marines descend onto a small chalceledonian city. Shock & awe operation - we know eaxctly where he is...
        So we just break into the building, extract him, and run the fuck away. Resistance is minimal
            Should clariy. Hes a member of the misdirection part of the operation; he was responsible for that ship idea
            Of course. He knows a lot, too
            But what *does* he know...?

            So what hes done for this...
            Is hes made the ship idea. He had the ship planted.

            AND WHAT IS IMPORTANT!
            He lets it slip that he was responsible for bugging many comm relays with a thing that monitors for any mention of broker
            This also includes. The planet he hides out on.

            Youll never find it though, haha, even with the planet youll still never know the corodinates.
            Even I dont know them all. (Gives you his set of coordinates)

        He is then delivered to your brig, heaviled bruised, a bit out of it
        Not very responsive until your doctor gives him a stim-shot

        If you fail?
            Send a HUGE marine raid to search strongholds

        Search 4 comm relays (THIS IS NOT LISTED - it just says do it til you get enough info)
            Ambushed on 2nd, 3rd, and 4th
                The 2nd activates a anti-tamper mechanism that alerts nearby patrols instead of a fleet
            The 4th fucking explodes (Like voidsun?)
            Async

        Also the two other guys are mentioned here

            Baetis guy actually hails you when you land - offers to give up his coordinates as long as you give him safe
            passage to some independent world and give him some special thing (AI cores?)
                Or you can just raid a buncha safehouses for him
                Taking a risk... make it clear the safehouse raid is the safer option

            The other guy is actually a station out in the fringes, heavily defended
                Get the coords from raiding or blowing it up, admin doesnt want to give it

            Knight ambush after all 3 cause they wanna find broker

eventually finmd broker
    deeps can, find bunker
    you come out, but a trapdoor open and closes and you fall thru
    you quickly reach for your gun but youre quickly disarmed and cuffed

    thrust into a chair in the dim, sandy room, through a secret door
    broker is there, staring eerily, leaning on a counter as the air currents blow the robe

    youre cuffed to the chair so all you can do is talk

    hey broker
    i know you know who i am
    i know what you want
    i dont know why you retired
    but i can help you, and you can help me
    together, maybe, we can figure out how to end this
    i found you, so clarly, im a step above the average goon
    (etc)

    he stares
    stares
    stares

    then eventually, casually walks to a cabinet, pulls out a pen, annotates a stack of papers, before lazily tossing them on your lap,
    shooting your cuffs, and slipping through a false wall. opening later reveals a tunnel system thats collapsed. he mustve collapsed it

    freed by your marines later

    this is the second part of the quest - work with broker, dow hat he wants
        the papers are the key, his plans he never got to finish
