Idea; Hook into false idols? Have to deal with someone related to the conspiracy?

Idea one
    The church will never pull out, so...
    You have to convince them youre innocent

    Give some guy a tour of your planet with the core
        Lose stability? Unrest?
        Have to do a lot of prep work beforehand

    And even after that, you have to do some extra legwork

Idea two
    The church is a highly divided nation

    People do not like the fact the knights of ludd exist
        Ludd himself was anti-militaristic
        So... you're approached, or you find, someone who doesnt like the knights

        Offers to guide you through the process of dismantling part of the knights
            You can't fully eradicate them, but you can REALLY punch them
            Doing this will cause the church, or the knights, to pull out

    Ideas?
        The knights are hypocritical - use tech for war
            Can you trick them into accepting high tech things?
                Will start to field higher tech ships in their fleets... people will get upset
                Could record a handoff of omega weaponry to them... combat drone replicator?

        And then what?
            Need to capitalize on this - make this information public
            Fly to various comm relays and inject this into the datafeed
                Knights fleets patrol them

        Still not enough
            The knights are still holding ground
            You need to punch them square in the chest, show that they're weak too
            This will provoke the now angry populace

        Finally, parlay with a planetary governor
            If they purge the knights, the entire church will feel pressured to do so

        OR/AND - supply worlds with armaments
            BEGIN THE REVOLUTION!
            Your insurgent buddies will help you here

        SOME interaction with knight errant

    COMPLICATIONS
        At least one comms relay is trapped and will blow your fucking fleet up

        Significant church rep loss
        Possible insurgencies on your luddic majority worlds?

    END
        All church worlds receive a massive fleet size mult penalty and the church pulls out of the war
        Lasts for 4 cycles or so


    After forcing x factions out, church fleet approaches
        INTRODUCE CHARACTER ALOOF MILITANT

            Points you to

    CHARACTER ONE - ALOOF MILITANT
        Finds you after forcing x factions out

        "It's you... we were told you were around here, but we had no proof!"
        "Ludd bless us for finding you"
        "You are fighting a war against the knights. We don't like them either - hammer in hand instead of a book of ludd"
        "Come to these coordinates. Ludd bless"

        Kind
        Not actually aloof... more desparate than anything
        Portrayed as aloof but if you get to know him you'll know he just can't see any ending to this plight

        Zealot - in it for the faith

    CHARACTER TWO - Hardcore militant
        Not quite a zealot, but believes in their cause
        Hardened
        Been in the game a while

        Is trying to remove the knights to avoid a schism
            Also, has a grudge against the knights for being hypocrits
            Highly principled!
        Is less of a zealot and more of a practicalist
            Still faithful, but wishes best for the people

    CHARACTER THREE - Asher plant
        Kind of a cunt?
        Not actually directly affiliated with the militants, more of af reelance worker
        Hardly faithful, mostly in it for credits
            Uses their faith as a shield
            Described as despicable by the militants

        Initially introduced in a bar you're pointed to
        Have to tell them a password
        Ask them to hook you up with someone
            Transmit the credit-link you were given, they go "good"

            Tell you go to some nanoforge site a few kilks out, ask for x person, and to namedrop them when you meet them

    CHARACTER FOUR - Asher knight
        Nanoforge overseer
        Considered a bit of an outcast - silently disrepected by the rest of the knights for his proximity to the technological side of the church
        Doesn't really like their post, but believes in tech and its uses

        Reaction to asher plant?
            Irritation, but ashamed intrigue
                You have technology...? What kind? *Sigh*
                Understand I regret this... only if you have something *exceptionally* interesting...

                Reacts positively, but also very negatively to omega weaponry, shrouded items, threat stuff...
                    VERY bad reaction to shrouded, maybe just doesnt accept it
                Really hates you for having this, and bringing it to his attention, but his sense of duty overrides
                Use a item picker here
                Does NOT take AI cores
                    Says "we do not need these", actually


        Should probably have a cameo once this is all over

    Militants
        By large the militants are mercenaries, disgruntled pathers, people not too upset to be hypocrits
        The leadership are a little different? Sure they're hypocrits, but...
            "We really don't want to do this. But our own militancy is temporary - once the knights go..."
            You can call them out on this, lol



GENERAL OUTLINE
    Aloof militant approaches, see above in character for dialog

    Go to... x planet
        Asher? Gilead? One of the two...

        Go to coordinates
        You find a cave that is impervious to sensors, outside of any established city
        Enter with bodyguards...
        Quickly accosted by a pair of gods waiting by some door, you order your guards to stand down

        "Who the hell are you?"
        "Well, they came all this way. Let's take them in for interrogation"
        "Yes"

        Taken in at gunpoint

        Separated from your bodyguards

        Meet HARDCORE MILITANT
        Starts furiously interrogating you

        Interrupted midway by ALOOF MILITANT
        "Oh, oh by the grace of Ludd what are you doing?!"
        "Who is this person?!"
        "I... invited them!"
        HARDCORE gets FUCKING furious
        "YOU JUST INVITED SOMEONE?!"
        "They're (PLAYERNAME)! Villain of our faith. Pruporter of unholy intelligence"
        "(Cracks knuckles) we're gonna have a lot of fun, then"
        "...actually, I brought them here to help us. He's powerful, and we share an enemy."
        Hardcore militant fluoride stares
        "WHAT"
        "...well... hm, I guess it makes... some sense"
        Hardcore militant very upset they can't castrate you but sees the wisdom
        Still decides to choke out aloof later


        Held for a while in the dark room, a guard invited to hold a gun at you
            Can glare
        They re-enter an hour later, aloof looking stiff as a ghost

        "We want to discuss this with you" - HARD
        Aloof steps back as hard takes front
        "The knights attack our faith and your space. While you are a wretched servant of Moloch, Ludd famously worked with evil at times"
        "Help us, and the knights will pose no threat once we're done. Refuse, and leave, speak nothing of us and we speak nothing of you"

        Actual choice here

        "Good."
        "Now, let us discuss. How should we handle this? I have ideas of myself"
            Can ask why they havent decided already - why must you be involved
            "We have been limited for so long and only just gained you as an asset. (Angry)"
        She introduces a few random ideas at first... each of which someone in the room shoots down
        Drifts to "...what if... we created an uprising? Or something... how would we-"
        Aloof steps in, realization crossing his face. "Our friend here is a heretic... right? Access to heretical technologies?"
        She slowly turns
        "What would set off the faithful more than seeing the knights take the most unholy of unholy artifacts?"

        You agree - you do have some rather 'unholy' artifacts from the magnetar
            Triggers a nasty look from the hardcore luddite and a grumble from everyone else

        hardcore grumbles for a moment before a inspired look comes over her
            "Tensions have been high lately... many faithful dislike the knights... seeing this demonic tech fall into their hands willingly.."
                'Don't YOU not want them to get them either?'
                "Yes. But once we have this uprising, we can take it from them"
                "Plus... just dont give them anything significant." (Maybe move this later?)
            "You'll need to find someone willing to take this - not all knights are as hypocritical as we say"
            The big guy on hesperus? No way, too principled
            The knights on Asher, though...?
                "A small sect of knights exists on asher, blah blah"
                "Their exposure to the technology has made them... malleable"
                "Go there. We have an agent embedded - contact them and they will arrange a meeting with a more open-minded knight"

            "Say nothing of this, and we can arrange something mutually beneficial. But understand - you are still an enemy. And when this is all over. You *will* be scorned."
                "...but won't the knights be dismantled?" Prompts an ugly look. "Ludd has ways of dealing with you."

        Aloof then steps forward to suggest something after
            "Once we have this footage, we can broadcast it to the population centers... many citiesh ave town squares with video projectors"
            "Hack into the comm relays - broadcast this to all fleets, all citizens within range"
            hardcore looks surprised at his intelligence
            "...hmph. For oince, you're right"

        Given a chance to ask questions about the militants before being escorted out
        Leave the planet
            Can revisit at any time, but if theres no progress, youre disallowed entry

    Go to Asher, visit a bar
        Bar event, meet the contact
            Theyre smoking a narcostick and guzzling some alcohol. Clearly not the most faithful of the faithful, you note
            Get cozy apart from them, and they chuckle.
            "Looking for some company?"
                Get straight to business
                Play along - pass along a datapad with your specs
            Either way, privacy field activates
                "Looks like you're one of those luddites, eh?"
                    Sure am
                        -well let me tell you guys. I don't think you're gonna go anywhre. Realize how hard this is?
                    Sure am (Lie)
                    No - just an associate
                        Ah. Good chouice. (Snicker) Telling you, even if you dont like the knights, they serve a good purpose.
                        But hey - Im not trying to change any minds. Im just here to reap the benefits.

                        "This isnt very luddic of you." Yeah, and?
            Listen. I'm not here to ask questions. I'm just here to give you what you need. But I need something first. Page 32, section 5 - Ludd gave
            to the needy his arm and leg. Dontcha wanna be like Ludd? (Wink)
                Give the credit-link

            Hm... looks good to me. Aint nothing like hypocratic credits, right? Hehe-
            Say, if I might ask. You ain't one of my usual contacts. What you using this for?
                Isnt this NOT your business?
                    Hah. Right. Was juts curious
                Explain
                    ...ahhhh. Gonna try a schism? Well, I won't say shit. The less I say, the more you pay. Ain't that right?
                    Here's some advice, though - the knights aren't just gonna sit around. The moment you popularize this is the moment
                    they start fighting back.
                    ...and a dead customer isn't giving me money. (Pretends to not care)
                Explain, with tech included
                    ...woah. Didn't know those militants were that desparate, huh? Willing to consort with the devil? (Forced scowl, minor)
                    But hey! (Juxatposition to cheerful smile) anything goes in war right? Besides. I'm still getting paid.

                    (Warning above)

            Anyway. I'll tell my friend over in complex gamma - few kilks from here - to expect you. You'll find a nice hole
            in the knight patrols - gonna all be praying or off duty. Orders from above, eh? My knight friend will be waiting for you.
            Just tell the receptionist I sentcha and you'll be on your way

            And be careful, right? Try not to have anyone figure it out. I won't tell - so don't worry about me. Just here for the credits
            (Maybe option to kill the guy here?)

    Go to Asher, special dialog option
        Land at nanoforge complex gamma
            Attack a small microcamera that cloaks between the fibers of your clothes
            Usually off limits, but the knights are off due to orders from above
            Youre not too afraid since theyd just escort you out instead of shooting you down - gracious, they are
        You quickly find yourself in a semi-off limits zone, but enter anyway, to find the receptionist
            "...hello. Youre not a usual face."
                Hello, I have a appointment with (NAME). Name is (FAKE NAME)
                Receptionist looks it up, gets confused, but sees you DO have a appointment
                "Ah. Well, this is certainly strange, but you do have a appointment. Let me just..."
                calls down the overseer
                Down they come, looking confused at you, but escorts you to their office anyway

        In office - rather minimalist, as expected for a knight
            Introduces thesmelves, asks you who you are
            Immediate depression but tired, obligated intrigue at hearing the name of the plant
            "A-ah... them. I suppose you're here for my... scrupulousness, then. (Disgusted at themselves)"
            "Well. I'm sorry to disappoint. But what can you offer me? We already have the secrets of the diktat. The machines of the domain."

            We have...
                Omega weapons
                "Demonic" weapons. Study it - it will give you strength. (Rejected, probably)
                Threat weapons (THREAT. Weapons, NOT MASS DRIVERS)

                1st and 3rd probably combined into one option

            Steps back, blinkins rapidly
            "Show me"
            You show them - they stagger back at what they see, clearly utterly disbelieving
            "What is this Mammon-cursed contraption?"
            Your next big win.
            Im sure youve heard what all the other factions are doing with all this. Youll be left behind
            The advancements are more than just military
            "I cant. This is too much. I've already taken too much. This is taking it a step too far."
            Think about it. Not only will you be able to reverse engineer these weapons, use them, but you can
            develop countermeasures to them, detect their use
            And their destructive power is unmatched. Surely a scrupulous individual such as yourself would like this?
            Quote a line from the book of ludd - something about ludd using the weapons of the enemy
                Its obviously a stretch

            They stand rigid a moment before slowly, hesitantly nodding
            What are your terms?
            You demand credits, duh

                ULTIMATELY. The knights want these weapons and shit for study, for weaponization, and so the nanoforge engineers can figure out their source
                But mostly, weaponization, industry, etc
                    Like, a cryoblaster can really help with a supercomputer...
                        This should be namedropped. Theres so many industrial applications of many of these things

            OPEN A PICKER MENU! yippee

            They will be satisfied with ANYTHING and will pay a premium, max of like, 50 points?

            You make sure to record it all...
            The man summons knights to pat you down to make sure youre not escaping with evidence
            Of course, they dont find it.

            A shudder - "Ludd forgive me for my path. But these temptations are just too great."
                Of course, you will edit all this out to make it daming as fuck.

            "Pleasure doing business. Please. Don't come back."

            You then ensure your bug is securely attached to something so you can get evidence the knights really are using it for weaponry

    Begin travelling to systems
        Eos exodusm, Canaan, Kumaru Kundam

        The first one is uneventful
        The second one has a knight patrol
            "Routine patrol", but its clearly more. They demand to know what youre doing
        The third fucking explodes after you hack into it
            It was meant to explode before you sent it, but it was fucked up and installed hastily

        Each causes unrest in each planet in system

        A week or so later, a knight fleet comes to kill you
            Or a pather fleet? Not sure... some church fleet. Maybe even hege?
                Hege is interesting

        This isnt enough. A month or so of waiting later, you receive a summons to the hideout

    Return to the hideout

        Allowed in by aloof, who is escorted by a disappointed hardcore
            "As usual, Aloof was naive." She sighs, pinching her noise as Aloof slinks.
            "We anticipated revolt. But clearly, the populace is too scared." hardcore asserts, despite being worng last time
                You can call her out on this
                Is hardcore always wrong? That would be funny. Headstrong
            "Some of our agents report deep civil unrest amongst the populace, but the knights have kept the peace so far."
            "We need to show theyre not invincible." Aloof winces
            "We've already laid out the battle plans. We're planning a massive strike - cells will attack knight outposts on many church and non-church planets"
            "But we need you to do the main strike"

            "Strike Hesperus. Show them you mean business. Strike this major symbolic base. Show them they're weak."
            Aloof tries to speak up. "U-uh, I'm not sure-" but is silenced by a withering glare from hardcore
                Hey - aloof, what do you want?
                Hardcore shuts you up. "It's aloof idiocy that got us into this." despite the fact it wasnt

            "Once we get confirmation the target is disabled, our agents will strike and open the gates for the masses!!!"
            Ushered out by hardcore, naive in the background lokoing very flushed

        Your next goal is to go to hesperus and either tactical bombard or do a precision strike on something
            Might just be easier to have the precision strike be the only option

            What are we hitting? "Shrine Plexus Gerin"
            A symbolic monument to the kight's strengths, holds many relics and shipyards

    So now, you go to hesperus - or Ceyx?
        Place is on high alert

        Can do the operation at any time
            High difficulty
            Disguise the marines as knights, steal a few identities maybe, transport them in through a cargo transport?
                So, the pilots are knights
                    Pick the faithful from your squads
            Once inside, the dresesd up knights escort the undresed marines past confused looking knights, intending to get as close as possible to the control center
            Once stopped by a captain, hand on pistol, it breaks out into an active firefight
            Thankfully, theyre really close, so they just break in and erase all sensor evidence and shut down comms
            Through the center, conduits are overloaded, bulkheads opened, and defense grids disabled
            From here, marines fan out to plant charges to key positions and shuttles bombard the complex with weaponry
            By the time emergency control backups come online, your marines have already exfilled and sensors vanished, with little to no trace

            And finally, a remote signaller actiates, transmitting the sensor readings and visuals of the now-damaged complex
            to all of luddic space. A lot of faithful see it, even if its brief

            Immediate unrest on all luddic planets, MASSIVE military respones script to hesperus
            Military base disrupted for a while

    Called to the hideout only a day later with a custom dialog.
        Guards on edge. EVERYONE on edge. DIsorderly.

        "WE FUCKED UP. THIS HAD THE OPPOSITE EFFECT"

        Turns out, this RALLIED everyone behind the knights - while the use of tech is undeniable, someone is attempting to sabotage the knights
        It hasnt been fully reversed
        Fuck fuck fuck

        Hardcore is the one that introduces this, looking intensely frustrated
        Manages to pin the blame on aloof
            "Didnt YOU come up with this plan, though?"
                Gets VERY FRUSTRATED
        "-listen. We can fix this. We just need to convince everyone it was unrelated."
        "Go to this pather base. Implicate them as the attackers."

        How? There must be a reason pathers haven't claimed the attack.

        "Bribe them. Pathers will do anything to get their hands on some [insert tech here]. Especially these ones."

        Aloof rubs his hands together, gritting his teeth, shaking his head
            What's wrong?
            Hardcore tries to stop you, but you can press
                "...I-I just don't think this will work. What if it doesn't work? It has a high chance not to-"
                "ITS YOUR FAULT, ALOOF! We're DONE listening to you!"
                    ...but these were your ideas.
                    She does nothing but sigh sharply and shake her head.
                    Or... "...he gave them to me. Now, we're operating exclusively on me."
                    ...maybe an option to skip this phase with a story point? I dunno...

        Ushered out, yet again - you express dicontent to yourself. Uncertainly. Will it work this time?
        Might as well try.

    Get pointed to a random LP station - one is generated is none exists - or just make one anyway so it doesnt get automatically deleted
        Make sure to check BornanewFilesFalseIdols callAction

        Go to this. Contact the admin of the station
        Initially hostile, but when you offer a deal, they get intrigued

        This guy is intensely zealotic, constantly quoting ludd, but believes in the "eternal torment of heretical intelligence"
        Promises each AI core you give them will be cosigned to literal eternal fucking super hell
            Very nice guy!
            And this will somehow bring them all closer to Ludd...?

        Again, opens a picker

        Once enough cores are given, agrees to take responsibility for the raid
            "And once they glimpse the chains of torment we will spread across our walls, they will feel enthralled - gripped
            by the hand of ludd to come walk OUR path!"
            Literally. Strings up the AI cores. Atatches them all to aN agonizing simulation. Kinda fucked up
                Sierra talks about this, maybe?
                Maybe adds guilt?
            LUDD WILLL ASCEEEND USSSS!
            screaming

            cuts the comms in a religious fervor

            ...increases your rep with the path?

            Your officers jsut go. "Wow. That was. Fucking weird. I uh. Is this really okay?"
                I hate AI cores - AntiAI++
                I weep for those poor souls - ProAI++
                Ludd damns these demons - Faithful++, AntiAI++
                Had to do it - Merc++

            ...this provokes a knight eradication raid on the station. Oopsie
            We never said the pathers were smart.

    Wait a day or so...
        Get called back
        The guards are visibly upset
        "...hey. They aren't too happy in there. And uh... well, just go in and see for yourself."
            By this point, the guards trust you. But not their leaders
        As you enter, it's a bit chaotic. Papers scattered, guards drinking, and a hardcore collapsed on the table
        Aloof stands next to her, scowling, shaking his head.

        Hardcore notices you and stammers over to you, staggering - you flinch
            "-it didnt work. The populace believes it was them. But all they're doing is calling for their destruction now. Fuck."
            "They're still behind the knights!!"
            Tears out some hair and recites a line from the book of ludd
                This was predictable.
                    No response except for a hiss
            "-okay, okay. Here's what we do - you just go and strike eevery knight outpost on every planet! You can do that, can't you?! Use your fuel-"
            Aloof sighs, shaking his head, and grabs her shoulders. "You're wrong. You've been wrong. Please, listen to the rest of us sometimes."
            She hisses and recoils, accusing him of being a tyrant, but the guards back him. Quickly, she's apprehended and locked in the brig while naive takes over
            Aloof looks very shaken.
                Comfort
                    Aloof takes a moment to breathe, gather his thoughts
                Demand to get on with it
                    Aloof grimaces, closes his eyes. Takse a breath. determination comeso ver him. He nods. Opens eyes. Looks at you. Complies.

                Either way, a determination comes over him. He WILL complete this mission.

                "She was lost in her fervor. She believes herself to be a paladin. But she was but a knight." He sighs, performing a ludic hand-gesture
                    Pinching his fingers, raising them above his head, then slowly dragging them down to his chin.
                "One day, I hope she will see the light."
                    ...this little sequence feels a little weird. Maybe axe it? Maybe he just goes straight into the next task?

                Then, he goes right into it. Full personality shift. Command mode.
                    But his aloofness hides underneath. At times, it comes out

                Taking a shakey breath... he squares his shoulders... and looks you RIGHt in the eyes. But he still doesnt look too good.
                "-the... the last operation, did not work." he pants, shoulders shivering
                "It was a desperate move - but it did get eyes off us. They think the perpetrators are dead. They are not."
                Gasping, he continues, "Any further actions will have suspicion cast on them, we will have to be careful"
                "-give me some time to think about our next moves. I... I also need some time to talk to her. She's damaged." (Pain) (Not exact words)
                    Nod solemnly
                        They sniffle, a solemntude coming over them
                    "You'd best have something for me when I get back. I'm getting annoyed."
                        They shiver, and nod, walking off
                    "How long?" - Radiant
                        A week

                Regardless, he freezes - staring at a guard - before moments later, uner his breath, hanging his head, ordering your exit as he turns
                to the brig and walks slowly
                    Realizing. Maybe make him a her. Woman? I dunno.


    Wait another week...
        Called back - again
        The guards smile and offer friendly greetings when you arriave
            Smile
                :)
            Ignore

        In the middle of the room is a far better dressed aloof
            In military garb, facing away, hands hidden behind his back...
            Then - he tilts his head, regarding you
            Turns. A rigid look on his face. Almost like a completely different person
            "PlayerName."
                "AloofName."
                "You look good."
                He pauses, closes his eyes, and nods, before regarding you again
            He stares at you. His expression softens, his lips quiver half-open, as he contemplates on what to say. His head drifts...
            He wants to say thank you. He wants to say sorry... but...
            He takes a quick breath and jerks his head back up, immediately beginning to speak

            "The Luddic populace isn't biting just yet. Hardcore wasn't wrong - they're not doing much. Not beacuse they don't want to
            rise up, but because influential figures are staying silent. We need celebrities, leaders, etc. on board."

            "Unfortunately, it would take ages to get enough people on-board, and I'm not even sure if we could do it sneakily enough.
            That's why we need broker."
                Ask about broker, he clarifies...
                Basically; its extremely likely he has a lot of dirt on many influential church figures. And given his tendency to fuck up the knights...
                Plus it would take significantly longer to get all this dirt yourself. It would also be far more expensive and dangerous.
                His presence will also rile up many pathers, causing them to act out on their own
                You agree this is the best course of action.
            "I came across a lead a cycle ago, but never pursued it. Unfortunately, I'm not as mobile or resourceful as you - so you have to do it."

            Found a salvage record of some planet out in the fringe - has a ship with a IDENT similar or the same to a ship that was definitely used by broker
                Was seen just before broker went missing. Never again. Logic; maybe he crashed? Go check out the ship, confirm the rumor
                YOu go there... find the ship... but ITS A TRAP! Salvors duck out of the way just in time for a bomb to go off
                But you were right - it is the ship. Unfortunately the logs are purged - but deep analysis reveals the last location the ship took off from
                    But they forgot to clear an engine's memory - the thrust patterns indicate it took off from a small village in asher
                    Unfortuntaely, further analysis reveals a shuttle left the ship bnefore it crashed. This isnt the place.
                A hyperwave signal was sent just before the explosion - a fleet spawns, and people might be tipped off

                Conclusion: This might be fucking risky. The bomb was intentionally rigged to explode. The ship intentionally crashed. It was no accident.

            (DO LATER) Should be able to return to the safehouse at every stage to ask for the guys thoughts...

            Go to this village
                All the villagers are suspicious and close their doors as you walk by
                You eventually come to the run-down salvage yards, presumably where its from
                "I've got this part. Apparantly, it came from your shop. Do you know who bought it?"
                "No." *Reaches under counter, you hear a pistol being gripped*
                But just before it seems like its gonna blow up, someone knocks on the door. The come in - whisper in your ear - "follow me out" - window shops, then leaves
                You follow him out

                He takes you and your bodyguards to his house, gestures inside, you follow
                    Maybe make sure the door remains unlocked
                "I might know a thing or two. Who're you after?"
                    "Broker."
                        He winces. "Don't SAY that name - they have ears everywhere! Including mine..."
                    "Just a friend."
                        "Bullshit. People don't come asking about wrecked ship parts in some luddic backwater - especially here, for nothing. You're here for broker, aren't you?"

                    Looks at an image - him, dresed up in knight livery. He looks prestigeous. Snaps back - a mottled fury in his eyes
                    "You're in luck. I can tell you how to find him - or at least, start. On one condition. I come with you, and make the kill myself."
                    ...seems he thinks you're here to kill him. Its unquestionable to him

                        "Sure." (Lie)
                        (You dont get a option to not lie)

                    "Who *are* you?"
                        "Someone he's gonna regret fucking with. And someone that knew a little too much."
                        (This guy is an ex-knight who worked with Broker to fuck over the knights until he was betrayed)

                    "What do you know?"
                        "I'll tell you after I've had a good meal - one of the many luxuries he's robbed from me." he growls, nearly knocking something over

                    Without much of a reaction, he nods, and walks out, directly towards your ship, ignoring your bodyguards's instructions to stop.
                    He boards, and (with your hurried permission) is quickly granted quarters.

                    THere, he eats one, two, three meals (which your crew watch enviously), before sitting back in his chair, and letting out a huff.
                        I really hope this wasn't a farce. This is our best lead.
                        And then he *breathes*

                OR

                Just when it gets hairy. You...
                Quickly run up before she can react and PUNT her fucking skull
                Quickly, you slam open the backroom door, breach-and-clearing, and find what you think is the sales ledger (Church rep hit)
                You sprint out the backdoor and to your shuttle just as munisec shows up, weapons hot
                    This is notable because they fire on sight instead of shouting a warning or anything. Not typical for church munisec.

                Discover the ledger is not reacted; the part's serial ID matches with one "Jereth Purse"
                Jereth Purse is a wanted pather terrorist, known for lots of theft on Asher and one instance of unauthroized nanoforge production
                Now resides on chalceledon, your intsec suggests
                This guy was related to the construction and maintenance of a Broker-related ship. Go pay him a visit.

            Go to chalceledon
                If you ask around in the bar, someone will firmly grip you and tell you to get fucked
                The admin can be bribed for a location, however
                    Or intimidated with a strong fleet...

                But when you go to the location... oh shit.
                Where sensors showed heat signatures are instead space heaters. You take one step out -
                BODYGUARDS GRAB YOU AND THROW YOU IN! PULSEFIRE RAINS DOWN ON THE SHUTTLE FROM ALL SIDES!
                The shuttle only barely manages to take off, firing flares and recieving ECM support to evade an incoming missile
                Get an option to drop a bomb here - for no reason other than FUCK THESE GUYS

                Go back to the admin, who looks terrified to see you
                Reiterate your threat, but this time with vigor
                Eventually, he just gives you a comms key
                Gets the FUCK out of there
                No admin for a few days - then a new guy a few days later
                    "The last one just disappeared."
                    In-lore, this guy realized he was fucked. You survived his trap and are certainly cokming for him if you dont tell him the location
                    But once people figure out he talked... he'll be hunted
                    So he goes into hiding
                Again, the narrator reiterates - this whole thing. Is. So sketchy.

            Call jereth over comms
                Finish later; TLDR idea is you have to hold him long enough for your comms officer to trace the signal
                And after that, you can interrogate him for info

                The commlink hangs for an unusal amount of time
                    Tactical: "It's unlikely they'll talk, especialyl since we don't know where they are"
                    "Pather comms are generally spotty and badly protected. I might be able to track them"
                    "Hold them on the line - I'll perform a trace"
                , before it clicks on
                The man careens into the screen, panting, breathing heavily - then he notices you
                    Was far away, sprinted to silence the pinging
                Inbetween gasps, he stammers - "You know not to call this ID - wait - who are you?"
                Visibly spooked - hand is nearing the comms-disconnect. Its likely he wont accept any further calls

                Have to come up with something to bullshit him with...
                He looks scared, spooked
                "-listen. You've been compromised. You need a new COMMSID and to exfil ASAP."
                He freezes, his body tensing further. He stares at you a moment - then-
                "-I-I don't know who you are." he just says, reaching the the button-
                "Someone found $global.shipPlanetName, and somehow, they found your name in the wreckage. They've already been to Asher - I don't know how long til they find you."
                "They've been asking around everywhere, it's a miracle *I* found you first. Saddle up, you're moving out before the day ends."
                He freezes. Time stills for thirty seconds. Tactical gives you a so-so gesture - you need more time
                Slowly, though, he withdraws his hand from the disconnect button, turning to stare through a wall... then snaps his head back, eyes as big as dinner plates
                "Who *are* you?"
                    "Doesn't matter. I'm just here to keep you safe."
                    "A friend of our mutual friend."
                    "A brother in Ludd."

                "...okay. Okay." he picks up a nearby narco-stick, taking a deep breath, and sighing, his anxiety reducing and being replaced with a narcotic twitch
                "...I'll need some help first. I was running an operation down here, and I'll need someone to help me move my equipment.
                not related to our 'friend' (airquotes), but personal and operational support was part of the deal."
                He pauses.
                "Where do you have in mind?"
                    "We'll figure it out once we get you onboard."
                    "Baetis."
                        Negative reaction, but with some pressing, he relents
                    "Just somewhere else on Chalceledon."
                "...alright. Send your shuttles. I'll be waiting." Reaches for the disconnect...
                Tactical shakes his head, staring at the screen...
                "WAIT! Where *are* you?"
                He stops. Shock wells in his eyes. "...you don't know? Wait... are you..."
                ...
                "You'll never find them, you know. I'm not the only part of this - there's many, many more pieces. And, besides..."
                Tactical waves you down, giving you a thumbs up
                "I can just hit this button right here and give you nothing. You don't even know where I am" He puts pressure on the button...
                    "'Look up.'" (Cut the link) (DO I WANT THIS)
                    ...
                        Send the marines

                And down go the marines!
                Within minutes, the marines descend onto a small chalceledonian city. Shock & awe operation - we know eaxctly where he is...
                So we just break into the building, extract him, and run the fuck away. Resistance is minimal
                    Should clariy. Hes a member of the misdirection part of the operation; he was responsible for that ship idea
                    Of course. He knows a lot, too
                    But what *does* he know...?

                    So what hes done for this...
                    Is hes made the ship idea. He had the ship planted.

                    AND WHAT IS IMPORTANT!
                    He lets it slip that he was responsible for bugging many comm relays with a thing that monitors for any mention of broker
                    This also includes. The planet he hides out on.

                He is then delivered to your brig, heaviled bruised, a bit out of it
                Not very responsive until your doctor gives him a stim-shot

                Search 4 comm relays (THIS IS NOT LISTED - it just says do it til you get enough info)
                    Ambushed on 2nd, 3rd, and 4th
                        The 2nd activates a anti-tamper mechanism that alerts nearby patrols instead of a fleet
                    The 4th fucking explodes (Like voidsun?)

                Finally, you find the data
                    TODO flesh this out im rushing to establish a questline

                Its this planet
                    Pather fleet is orbitting and they cahse you down
                    IDEALLY this is unsurveyed desert, arid, or irradiated world
                        But we can settle for anything else. IT JUST HAS TO BE UNSURVEYED AND NOT A GAS GIANT.
                        Or maybe it can be surveyed, you just note that on your last survey you never saw anything

                You realize that scanners show nothing, a survey shows nothing... its not here
                So you interrogate the guy in your brig and, under interrogation techniques, he cracks
                    "HES HERE! JUST HIDDEN! YOU NEED TO KNOW THE LOCATION!"

                    He only knows a third of the coordinates
                    Need to find two other major players - x, and y

                    One on Baetis, one on another church planet (Tarteressus?)

                Baetis guy actually hails you when you land - offers to give up his coordinates as long as you give him safe
                passage to some independent world and give him some special thing (AI cores?)
                    Or you can just raid a buncha safehouses for him

                Second guy is actually a knight now
                    Gives it up voluntarily
                    ...maybe sends a knights of ludd fleet to kill you so they can interrogate you and get the code for themselves...?

                OR

                    The prisoner gives you coordinates for each of them
                    But youre ambushed by a few pathers on your way down - honestly a pretty good ambush
                    But then one of them guns down the others

                    And some guy reveals himself - a weak link in the safety net broker set up
                    "I have a grudge against broker. I know where these two guys are - let me help you, as long as I get the killshot on the bastard"
                        You silently ntoe hes a useful idiot. You will probably have to shoot him

                    Could never track down the planet - but since youre after the coordinates
                        Knows youre the guy thats been poking around

                        Basically, youre the first person with notable power to poke around - besides the knights, whom he hates and would never work with(?)

                    Basically, this guy is one of the three ppl that know broker's coordinates
                    The other two evacuated when they heard you were coming, and he was assigned to ambush and kill you
                    But he has slowly built more and more resentment towards broker
                    Why?
                        Idea 1: Broker promised something, or he believed he was close to broker, then broker just fucked off
                        Idea 2: Above, but hes also a bit of a crackhead psycho
                        Maybe hes always smiling haha happy happy and just creepy that way

                    Basically, you will go there, and with your help, you will do a marine raid to find the guys and clear out their defenders
                        This is why he needs your help
                    And then, with your interrogation techniques, they *will* spill it
                        Again, this is why youre needed

            THROUGHOUT THIS ENTIRE QUESTLINE I REALLY WANT TO COMMUNICATE THE SEMI-LEGENDARY STATUS OF BROKER
            How... not sure

            Kind of want to involve the militants more...
                Just go back to them occasionally, theyll have feedback and maybe even give you leads?
                    Maybe at some point you HVAE to go back and theyll tell you something










IDEA
GET A LUDDIC PATHER WHO HAS HISTORY DOING THIS KINDA CELEBRITY MANIPULATION OR KNOWS PEOPLE
DELEGAET TO THEM!! THIS MAKES THIS A LOT EASIER TO DESIGN!!!!

The challenge then becomes to FIND them. And when you find them, get them on your side
    Unless they want to wreak havoc in the church
    Maybe theyre retired and have set up a net of people who protect them from people like you?
        I fucking love this idea

    They just have so much dirt on so many people its unreal

INTRODUCING: BROKER
    Mute luddic pather
    No known name. No known gender. Just a fucking cryptid

    Six or so cycles ago, was a force to be reckoned with within the luddic church
        Major terrorist. Not on the same level as cotton, but enough to worry the knights
        One of his biggest MOs was the destruction of the knights. Through him, many patrols were ambushed, many sleeper cells esatablished
            The biggest thing was the blackmail and the manipulation
        But then they just vanished one day.
        Rumors say they disappeared somewhere out in the outskirts of the sector

    They rarely communicated with many people. And their muteness made it hard for them
    They were successful through extreme wit intelligence and brutality

    They now lives a life of isolation and meditation out in the outskirts of some sandy desert planet

    Lesser-known fact: Part of the reason they fought so hard to destroy the knights was a grudge against a Jouriles Panathea
        A bit of a sadistic knight. Not very well liked amongst the knights. Is still operating
        Allegedly killed broker's family pretty brutally when broker was a child?? Like, immolated them??
