REVISION ONE

    START

    Go to Daud - ask about IAIIC
        Rebuffed
        Daud doesnt want to talk to you about it

        Daud doesnt say yes, and doesnt say no

    Contacted by a concerned aristocrat once you leave

    Find the aristocrat somewhere
        (Eventide)
        Introduced as aloof, out of touch
            Sterotypical aristocrat

        Opposes the hegemony's involvement with the IAIIC
        Gives you some limited evidence

    PHASE TWO - WORK

    You need to turn houses against the hegemony and strongarm it into pulling out

    Problem: Some aristocratic houses don't seem to care
        The Youns care since they hold a lot of investment in the military and might lose a lot of money

        INTSEC is putting in a lot of work to hide the military spending from the aristocratic houses
            The Youns got lucky and have a member directly involved with INTSEC and is acting as a mole
            The XIV ships are explained away as salvage, or ships bought off the open market

        Four houses you have to convince
            Ok, but why?

            These houses are powerful and susceptable - theyre selfish or concerned
                But why only these four?
            Because Youn is stupid
                Really?
            Because... these are the only four houses Youn knows anything about, and INTSEC is already breathing down their neck
                This one sounds good

        HOUSE ONE is powerful but naive
            IDEA: This can be the youns? THe defector wants you to help convince the rest of their house...
                Under this paradigm the leak was suppressed quickly

            Vaguely knows about the hegemony supporting the IAIIC but assumes it's just giving trade concessions

            Hedonist, artistic, aloof

            Have to prove to them the hegemony is involved
                Doesnt trust your word, or the word of the Youn (Youns have a lot to gain from people thinking along these lines)

                Get intel from...
                Raiding comm relays?
                    Get defense fleets to orbit the relays
                Raiding a planet?
                    Pick a military one so it's hard
                Ambush a intel-transfer fleet?
                Find a datacache out in the outskirts of the sector?
                    Some scavengers, duh

                After ~4 deliveries, they get convinced(?) and are shaken

            Vers two: after dealing w/ (bribing or killing) sister, go back
            Cant use Aleratus
                "I'm sorry Commander, but um. So turns out my house really doesn't trust me and, if it came out *I* had a hand in it, they'd do the same thing my sister did."
                    Go back and rewrite the story to make this a bit more clear...?

            Have to frame someone else
                Orthus!
            Do a raid on some planet, probably eventide
            And then return to aleratus, another raid

            First raid: Put evidence in one of Orthus' less used houses or whatever
                Covert places only inspectors would look
                Pretend to be maintenance technicains investigating a gas leak
                Noone is the wiser

            Second raid: Put said evidence, and HARD traces to orthus, near influential youn members
                At this point, her sister has not spread the info the the house at large, so its ok

                Youn members will dennounce this clear tratior
                    But still use it for their own ends...

                At the end of this, Aleratus is still very suspect by COMSEC, but the house is none the wiser

            Go back to aleratus for a final dialog

            Orthus approaches you later, enraged
                This is post questline

        HOUSE TWO are entirely opportunistic
            Introduced as pacifist, but turn out to be cunning, speculators, backstabbers

            They already knew about the IAIIC. They just want to profit off it

            They will already profit off the proxy war. But, you can bribe them...
                Omega weapons?
                AI cores?
                Credits? (Probably not lol)
                A favor?
                    Take out some competition in the core worlds...?

        HOUSE THREE is militaristic - comprised of officers
            Loyal to the hegemony, divided over Daud
            Still backs him, but have their doubts

            You need to prove to them that the war is bad for the hegemony
                Event intel

                Destroy fleets, raid planets, or raise IAIIC attrition

            They dont like you. But they serve the hegemony's best interest (their best interest)

        HOUSE FOUR are hardcore luddites, grieving?
            A child of the house went pather and despite knowing what they did was wrong the adults want to break them out,
            bring them in, and will consider backing you if the son is returned
                Maybe needs a little proof first?

                This feels weak. Why do they want the son back so much? Enough to pressure the hegemony?
                    Maybe they're just extremely greedy and petty?
                    Something to do with their specific luddic sect?

            Vanished to a pather sect off in the fringe of the sector, doing *things*
                When you get there, the cell has been wiped out

                Find traces that suggest a nearby independent fleet was involved?
                    Find datacores that suggest the son was taken to a hegemony penitentiary

                Go there, ask around, discover he IS there, break or bribe him out (SP needed probably)

                OPTNIOAL
                    He immediately flees to a nearby luddic planet?
                    Have to poke around comm relays, contacts...

                COMPLICATIONS
                    Knights of ludd will accost you at some point
                    So will hegemony

                Finally, you haev him

                Bring him back
                Win!

        Wrong! HOUSE FOUR are HONORABLE luddites
            Strict moral code, their own sect of ludd

            Obligatory duel scene

            Prove your honor!

            They view the hegemony as a very honorable institution, but glimmers of dissent shine...
                Ultimately, they view hegemony as walkers of the ironclad path of ludd, even if they stray
                    They are not the best. But they are practical, powerful. A useful ally. Prove yourself you are aligned...
                    They may not directly ally themselves with you, but two main things shine through

                    1. They believe, ultimately, if you respect their rules, your actions will work with them
                    2. The hegemony has proven... dishonorable, at the best of times. Someone at least willing to play with
                    their rules would be well liked. They would even like to beat up the hege! But you need to prove yourself first -
                    the rules demand it.

            IDEA 1
                Convince various house members of your honor
                    DUEL!
                    DUEL! With only two kites, 2 reapers, a lmg
                        Causes a week long cooldown even if you win
                        "We are called off to help repair these, lol"

                    Prove yourself the walker of steel - crush a group of dissenting heretics off in the sector
                        LP base, maybe?
                    Produce an AI core. Shoot it right in fucking front of them.

                    Have high rep with the church
                        NOT PATHERS. Pathers is a MINUS!
                    Donate a lot of credits to a church charity?

                    Donate heavy weapons to the volturn insurgency...?

                    Do four of these?

                THEN, ONCE THEYRE READY. COMSEC APPEARS!
                    "This man is not honorable. I challenge you, invoking this section of the Alotera code!"
                    A FIGHT TO THE DEATH!!!
                        If you lose, you fail the entire event
                        RETURNED TO TITLE SCREEN
                        Save beforehand...

                        Or, shoot the guy, break honor, and you fail the event

                        And if you win, you HAVE to kill the guy, or you break honor
                            Maybe a story point...?

                General structure?
                    Introduced to the first guy, as usual
                        Stereotypical "honorable" guy
                        Does not trust you. Youve gotten here by using AI so... fuck you?
                        Stubborn

                        "And what would the depostic 'Youn' have to say to us?"
                        "...you would take an identity to speak with me?! How do you sit in that chair and call yourself righteous?!"
                        "Speak no more to me, I will not tolerate your lies!"

                        ...interrupted by guy two

                    Guy two steps in
                        Really doesnt like the hege - doesnt exactly like you either but sees you as new, hopeful blood that can be molded
                        Empathetic
                        Hopeful

                        Door is thrust open, and they exchange a brief argument - why are you here - etc -
                        2: "Whos' this - oh - its him, the one we are at war with."
                        1: "I told you not to disturb me-"
                        2: "I told you not to dispose this man if they come knocking! We have much to discuss!"
                        1 grumbles but lets 2 approach, standing back
                        2: Introduces themself graciously, while 1 glares
                        2: "You are misguided. But I believe you can still hold the iron path. Prove yourself - especially for 1."
                        1: grumble grumble

                    Together, they are the two heads of their house
                    These are the guys you will contact

                    What IS the iron path?
                        Subsect of the luddic faith, mostly forgotten by time, just one of the many misc sects
                        Very pro military
                        Believes in strength through arms
                        Used in the founding of the knights but quickly fell out of favor as it was kinda... too stubborn?

    CAN ONLY DO ONE AT A TIME!!!!
    Time gate - Month or so delay between houses

    COMPLICATIONS
        After you convince the first house, INTSEC starts getting involved

        It starts minimal
            A fleet sent to harass you, or something
        But it escalates
            After the third house, you get sabotaged
            Powerful kill fleets are sent
            Other things

    END

    Once all the houses are on your side, wait a month or so(?)
    Then, return to eventide for a meeting

    All houses agree to pressure the hegemony into leaving the IAIIC

    A month or so later, daud summons you
        "You fucking asshole"

        Daud is so fucking done with you. SO fucking done
        But he has no choice. He pulls out, trying to save face

        Unrest rises on all hegemony planets, especially eventide


    ...I want to add something between this... what should I add?
