Design
    Indies are not strong alone
    They are a significant portion of the IAIIC, but only because theres a bunch
    But that would be way too much work to make a full questline for each

    Solution: Make a bunch of one-and-done quests for the mercs

Tactistar
    In Culann or something

    Paid for by the IAIIC

    "How much to buy out their contract?"
    "How much to purchase your protection?"

    Can buy them out, or buy protection

The Hammer
    Luddic

    Some luddic indie world
        Baetis? Like, the church implanted them to maintain a tighter presence? Subsidized them? Mostly left alone now?

    Will outright refuse to divest
    Chose to work with the IAIIC

    Have to glass a small city to eradicate them

    Big rep hit with indies and a smaller hit with the church

Blackknife
    Some pirate world

    Pirates, lol

    Paid for by the IAIIC
    Mostly does sabotage

    Cares about honor (ironically), contract integrity, *But*
    Wronged by X Pirate

    "Go fuck them up. If you do this, my name in the underworld won't be tarnished"
    Go raid some pirate world, or base, or kill a pirate
        Kanta's Den?
    IMMEDIATELY cancels their contract on completion

MMMC
    Mikhael Magec Manufacturing Company
    Nova Maxios, Duh

    Selling ships to the IAIIC

    Stern, roughly corporate, like a mom-and-pop but for ships
    "Hey bud. Here for a contract? We've got some damn good rates - here's a sample." (+2 metals)
    "Sorry bud. Says here we can't violate our contract. Bad for business, and not fair."

        Not actually supplying directly to the IAIIC but IntSec suggests it's being funneled through something?
        Or...?

    You have to do a raid, or kill a fleet, and they really end up hating you for it, and they only pull out
    because you've forced them to
        Small rep hit with indies

    Very much not comfortable being in the middle of this war

    Contracted by the IAIIC to produce ships
    Cares about contract integrity

Voidsun
    Based on one of your planets
    Specializes in ground-based merc duties
    Provides covert power

    "We offer hardened target mission-op, success rate 95%."
    "Recognizing you as $PLAYERFAC command. Good to see you. Here for battle support? Thousand arms in reserve, just waiting for duty."

    Very conveinent location for the IAIIC who have secretly bought them

    Find proof, turn them into MuniSec
        Or, you can just evict them, suffering a major accessibility or stability penalty on that world for a while

    IntSec suggests them as a POSSIBLE vector based off some battlecam footage, but has nothing concrete, so just waiting on your word to act

Ibrahim Interstellar Transport and Salvage
    Agreus

    Supplies the IAIIC with lots of ship material
    Some ibrahim writing as like, duh, thats who youre talking to

    Ibrahim refuses to talk if you pissed them off or if you havent given her the hamatsu yet
    If you have, she'll need proof
        Proof is pretty simple, go to a comm relay and talk to someone in the bar

    Then she'll cancel the contract with whatever shadow company you find

Alimar
    The planetary government, actually

    Selling the IAIIC a lot of food, luxury goods, etc. in exchange for covert support against the PL

    Either raid them, or promise to support them (temporary stability malus on all your worlds?)